 
 + Main CMS Features +
 
 [*] User Interface
    
    - With CMS PathFinder you are able to easily navigate
      back through various different components of your
      website avoiding having to guess the page from your
      browser's history.
    
    - Shortcuts to the Administraion back-end of your site
      to avoid having to take the long route to editing a
      comment on a match result for example.
    
    - Easy-to-use site navigation featuring the inovative
      login system where members of your clan can login
      and comment on various different items for each module.
 
 [*] Messaging System
    
    - Even with various different types of popular ways of
      communication such as IRC, MSN or Email, there is always
      going to be a situation where you can't use them
      because of limitations on the system you're using.
    
    - The CMS integrated web-based messaging system voids the
      need to have any type of additional software installed.
    
    - The system works just like ordinary web-based e-mail
      only all your contacts are conveniently stored in a
      buddy list, so if a buddy changes any details it's all
      done automaticly for you so you don't have to worry about
      keeping external lists up-to-date.
    
    - You can also broadcast messages to every single member
      in your clan knowing that the next time they go on the
      website that message will pop up on their screen.
    
 [*] Server Monitoring
    
    - In your CMS server watch module, you can add the IP
      addresses for servers such as Half-Life, Quake, Tribes,
      Unreal and many more.
    
    - Once these are entered into your site, CMS will send a
      live query to the server for info such as server name,
      current map, a list of players on the server, and so on.
    
    - Based on your clan's tag, CMS can calculate how many
      members of your clan are in the server, and based on your
      CMS buddy list CMS can alert you in the server watch
      window when one of your buddies are online.
 
 [*] User Themes
    
    - The CMS themes system allows you to use either themes
      made especialy for you or from our range of global clan
      site themes.
    
    - We are able to duplicate your old site's layout and
      convert it into a theme which you and your users can
      use as you please.
    
    - Not only can each of your users have their own theme,
      they can also individualy "tweak" (change colours, fonts,
      position of info panels) the theme so that it suits them.

 [*] Technical Support & Updates
    
    - We provide you with a large library of flash tutorials
      to help you use CMS incase you get stuck or lost.
    
    - Failing that, we will give you live assistance via IRC,
      MSN or Email (phone support is also available at your
      telecom service's normal rate).
    
    - Incase one of our servers suffers technical difficulty,
      we have an emergency backup server which all of your data
      is stored on. This will give you a gaurenteed 99% uptime.
    
    - As we are continuously updating and expanding upon CMS
      based on customer input so that you may experience new 
      features requested by other clans.
 
 [*] Extra Services & Features
    
    - We also provide the support for your own domain name,
      i.e. www.my-clan.com could be used for your entire site.
      As standard, this is included free with all packages.
    
    - Users accessing the site from different points on the
      globe can take advantage of our redirect system where
      your site is mirrored on several servers and they will
      be sent to the server closest to them to lower site load
      and increase the overall speed of your site.
    
    - If you decide to change your clan name we can easliy
      and decisively change your site name & address.
 