limits for the panels (i.e. news)

Shaitan says: 
well when a clan starts paying they can choose from one of our range of templates 
Shaitan says: 
basic sites dont get a choose, they get a stock template 
Shaitan says: 
their first choice is free 
Shaitan says: 
but if they wanna change after that they have to pay 
Shaitan says: 
or we can make some of the packages include a free template change once every x months or something 
Shaitan says: 
and the clan can switch between their last 5 templates without having to repay 
Shaitan says: 
this will mean if they do pay and they dont like it, they aint stuck 
Shaitan says: 
also means m8 
Shaitan says: 
that clans will want to be always upgrading their templates, like phone ring tones etc etc  
 
 
 
 
 
script that sends user to appropriate site depending on their speed 
 
> advanced results statistics  
> calendar (shows events, results, fixtures)  
 
vary wot is parsed depending on the load 
 
Allow users to subscribe to messaging lists! i.e. file downloads etc. 
 
Personal settings – save message by default… and get read-recipient once opened. 
 
Banner exchange 
 
comprehensive server info – which includes metamod plugins (each in separate records) (we allow them to pick from a dropdown list, and also to add to the list(have to be approvbed))  this way we will have a very comprehensive list of mods in a short space of time, also means peps can search based on this info as well,. also we wanna allow the admins to have a rules description, ie , no tk blah blah, as well as an events description, where they can define things like theme nights with custom maps for example… so just a textfield with a date/time, we could also allow anyone on cms to 'subscribe' the the server and be emailed/notified when a new 'theme' has been setup 
 
 
so i think we need potentially different user modes 
like an intro/basic mode where they get access to only the basic features, mods, and an advanced/normal mode for when they get comfortable with cms 
otherwise its going to be info overflow for them 
and the last thing we want, is to spend hours just showing peps around, and for them to forget most of wot u have covered, because its too much to take in 
so i think a basic and advanced approach would do the trick 
also means we need loads of tutorials with screen shots and stuff 
and categorize them 
so we put them in basic order, then advanced 
 
POLL COMMENTING!!! 
 
Ban list for messaging system – make so users can send a CC as well… also, finish off recycle bin, sent items and saved items. 
 
Aswell as server management system, (extension of cms) – have an ftp function so ppl can upload configs to their ftp from cms. 
 
extension of settings module which lets users edit environment in a wysiwig kinda thing. 
 
Queuing system for downloads  
 
news / reports / fixures details should have limited number of comments per page - i.e. use the page-index feature from the browsers  
 
Come up with preg feature that removes multiple instances of a variable in the ref string. 
 
Implement JavaScript feature to add / remove poll options in the create and edit features on the poll module. 
 
Implement JavaScript feature to add / remove poll maps in the create and edit features in the fixtures & results modules. 
 
Trial system: implement an option so admins can make their CMS show members as “trialists” if they have been registered for less than a certain number of weeks/days. 
 
Need more content on HOME module (not just news). 
 
Need a lot more info on members browser – i.e. Nationality flags etc. 
 
Each user has links (just like maps or poll options work) on their page. 
 
Each user has a diary – to show short messages to the clan – i.e. “away for 2 weeks”. Etc. 
 
Master clan stats page – i.e. cms.clan-hq.net. More active clans will be rewarded by all their info being on the page etc. 
 
At some point, make a “Learn how to use CMS” tutorial! 
 
For file system! $_SERVER['HTTP_REFERRER'], - make sure users cant use anything but cms! 
 
Auto-linking system, where clans can add a page of links – then the name in news posts + profiles etc, is replaced by the link! 
 
Content seacher system 
 
Links for only viewing certain leagues on results page at top –  and put “latest matches” for the current matches 
